
This app was created using Angular seed app project template.
This app does one thing, displays New York Time' Best Seller book list(hard-cover fiction, hard-cover nonfiction, culture and science), also it allows users to search by title and author name. I got the data from New York Time API, and put them into the resource of this app. The API do not allow access with localhost, therefore I just downloaded it.
The point of this app is to play around with angular's route, view and $http function with real data. In my last project, the store app, I built ngRoute-like function without using ngRoute, but it was not a good way to do it. Also I created all the data for my last project, but this time with real data, new knowledge and lessons from last time, I was able to build this app a lot faster, and the code is a lot more clearer.
The biggest challenge with this project was to find a seed app project that works on my labtop. I tried to use Yeomen generators like I did with my past projects, but for some reasons my labtop cannot run it. Therefore I choosed the angular seed app project. However, this seed project did not have the features I wanted like Sass, Bourbon or Grunt, and the data stracture is different than what I would like to use. I spent a lot of time to install those feature by hand. In the end I installed most of the helper software, by not Grunt. Without Grunt I am not sure how to deploy this app on github.
In general, this time, the app was bigger success than my last one since I achieved most of my goals, like handling a lot of data and clear code.
